SampleProjects/Blackmagic_HDRP_Compositing/README.md, before:

# Blackmagic Video I/O with HDRP Compositor Sample

You can find the HDRP Compositor tool in the menu ‘*Window/Render Pipeline’*. The actual graph used is named **VideoSceneCompositingGraph,** and blends 2 cameras RenderTexture using the Alpha channel. 

In order to achieve that, you must change your Color Buffer Format to **R16G16B16A16** in the **Rendering** and **Post-Processing** section of the **HDRenderPipelineAsset** (‘*Settings’* folder).

3 cameras are used to do the Compositing:

- The **Scene Camera**, renders all the objects in the scene (in this example, a simple cube).

- The **Video Camera**, representing the input video (projected on a Plane or directly Blitted in Fullscreen).

- The **Main Compositor Camera**, blends between the Scene Camera Render Texture and the Video Camera RenderTexture. 

The ‘VideoCompositing’ **Layer** is used to identify objects (including volumes) in order to achieve a correct Compositing in the **HDRP Compositor Tool**. It helps to specify what the actual Camera instance should render or not. 

You can find an example with the Custom Post Process **GrayScale** (on the ‘SceneVisual/GrayScale Volume’ object), where the **Video Camera** only is using it. So the Gray Scale is only applied to the **input video**, and not on the Cube.

Multiple different Custom Passes are used with the VideoCompositing Layer, to achieve the attended video input projection.

Commit message:

Add keyer package info to ...HDRP_Compositing README.md

SampleProjects/Blackmagic_HDRP_Compositing/README.md, after:

# Blackmagic Video I/O with HDRP Compositor Sample

You can find the HDRP Compositor tool in the menu ‘*Window/Render Pipeline’*. The actual graph used is named **VideoSceneCompositingGraph,** and blends 2 cameras RenderTexture using the Alpha channel. 

In order to achieve that, you must change your Color Buffer Format to **R16G16B16A16** in the **Rendering** and **Post-Processing** section of the **HDRenderPipelineAsset** (‘*Settings’* folder).

**Note**: This sample depends on the **com.unity.media.keyer** package, which has been included as an archive for convenience (/Packages/com.unity.media.keyer-1.0.0.tgz). To access the source code for that package, please go to [https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/UnityKeyer](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/UnityKeyer).

3 cameras are used to do the Compositing:

- The **Scene Camera**, renders all the objects in the scene (in this example, a simple cube).

- The **Video Camera**, representing the input video (projected on a Plane or directly Blitted in Fullscreen).

- The **Main Compositor Camera**, blends between the Scene Camera Render Texture and the Video Camera RenderTexture. 

The ‘VideoCompositing’ **Layer** is used to identify objects (including volumes) in order to achieve a correct Compositing in the **HDRP Compositor Tool**. It helps to specify what the actual Camera instance should render or not. 

You can find an example with the Custom Post Process **GrayScale** (on the ‘SceneVisual/GrayScale Volume’ object), where the **Video Camera** only is using it. So the Gray Scale is only applied to the **input video**, and not on the Cube.

Multiple different Custom Passes are used with the VideoCompositing Layer, to achieve the attended video input projection.
