com.unity.media.blackmagic/README.md, before:

# Blackmagic Video

The Blackmagic Video package helps you leverage video capture cards from Blackmagic Design to input and output pro-grade video and audio in the Unity Editor and runtime builds, unlocking new workflows for users working in film, virtual production, live events, and broadcast.

## Installation and use

To get instructions about installing and using the Blackmagic Video package in the Unity Editor, download the [`Built-documentation.zip`](Built-documentation.zip) file available in this folder, unzip it locally, and open the `index.html` file.

>**Note:** The `Documentation~` folder includes the documentation sources in Markdown.

## Requirements

* Windows 10 or macOS
* Blackmagic capture card
* Camera with SDI or HDMI output (depending on capture card)

## Building the plugin

The package uses a compiled assembly that provides access to Blackmagic's API. The files needed to build the plugin are in the **Plugin~** directory. See Unity’s documentation on [creating managed plugins](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UsingDLL.html).
You must download the [Blackmagic Desktop Video software](https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/developer/product/capture-and-playback), the latest version tested is **12.1**.

Commit message:

Base doc review (first pass)

com.unity.media.blackmagic/README.md, after:

# Blackmagic Video

Use the Blackmagic Video package to leverage video capture cards from Blackmagic Design to input and output pro-grade video and audio in the Unity Editor and runtime builds, unlocking new workflows for users working in film, virtual production, live events, and broadcast.

For more information (installation, concepts, features, and workflows) read the [Keyer package documentation](Documentation~/index.md) in this repository.  
>**Note:** The `Documentation~` folder includes the documentation sources in Markdown. For user convenience, an HTML build is also available [in a zip file](Built-documentation.zip). Download it, unzip it locally, and open the `index.html` file.

Review the specific [license terms](LICENSE.md) about this package.

## Requirements

* Windows 10 or macOS
* Blackmagic capture card
* Camera with SDI or HDMI output (depending on capture card)

## Blackmagic API plugin

The package uses a compiled assembly that provides access to Blackmagic's API.
* The files needed to build the plugin are in the [**Plugin~**](Plugin~) directory.
* See Unity’s documentation on [creating managed plugins](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UsingDLL.html).
* You must download the [Blackmagic Desktop Video software](https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/developer/product/capture-and-playback), the latest version tested is **12.1**.
